# Milestone 2

## Product and Project Manager | 20 points

- Install mkdocs package to start with the documentation (PSS will be available)
- Database schema: Provide your product database structure (ERD)
- Transform your project file structure according to the suggested format
- check all the team activities from your team and merge everything
- **Handle the pull requests from your team members and delete the branches after merging**


## Database Developer | 20 points

1. Create a new git branch and name it `db`.
2. Create a new **service/container** and name it `db`.
3. Create a DB and respective tables suggested by the Product Manager.
4. Connect to SQL with Python.
5. Push data from flat files to the DB.
6. Add extra methods that you might need throughout the project.
7. Push your work to the respective branch.
8. Create a pull request for the Product Manager.

---

## Data Scientist and Data Analyst | 20 points

1. Create a new git branch and name it `ds`.
2. Create a new **service/container** and name it `ds`.
3. Simulate the data if you need.
4. Try to use the CRUD functionality done by the DB Developer.
5. Work on the modeling part using simple models, conduct extra research.
6. Push your work to the respective branch.
7. Create a pull request for the Product Manager.


---

## Backend Developer | 20 points

1. Create a new git branch and name it `back`.
2. Create a new **service/container** and name it `back`.
3. Communicate with the DB Developer and PM in order to design the API.
4. You can create dummy endpoints in the beginning (PSS will be available).
5. The following endpoints must be available:
   - GET
   - POST
   - PUT
   - DELETE
6. Push your work to the respective branch.
7. Create a pull request for the Product Manager.

--- 

## Front End Developer | 20 points

1. Create a new git branch and name it `front`.
2. Create a container/service and name it `front`.
3. Communicate with the PM in order to create the skeleton of the website.
4. Push your work to the respective branch.
5. Create a pull request for the Product Manager.
